docs/SECURITY.md, before:

# Security Guide

This is the operator-facing security guide for DashClaw (self-host and cloud). It documents the security model, key controls, and how to run audits.

## Architecture and Trust Boundaries (High Level)

DashClaw has two primary inbound trust boundaries:

- Browser/operator: NextAuth session token (dashboard UI -> `/api/*`)
- Agent/SDK: API key in `x-api-key` (agent tooling/SDK -> `/api/*`)

Outbound trust boundaries:

- LLM provider calls (e.g., OpenAI) for embeddings/guard evaluation
- Webhook deliveries to operator-configured HTTPS endpoints

## Data Handling (What We Store)

DashClaw stores the data you send to it, including (depending on which features you use):

- Actions, events, messages, docs/snippets/content, webhooks, guard decisions, and related metadata
- Encrypted integration credentials (at rest), when configured via Settings/Integrations

DashClaw includes Data Loss Prevention (DLP) redaction to reduce the chance of secrets being stored or exfiltrated, but DLP is a best-effort control. Do not rely on it as your only defense.

## Core Controls

### Encryption at Rest (Integration Secrets)

- Integration credentials are encrypted in the database using AEAD (AES-256-GCM).
- Required: `ENCRYPTION_KEY` must be set and must be exactly 32 characters (32 ASCII characters recommended).
- Backward compatibility: legacy ciphertext formats are still decryptable so upgrades do not break existing installs.

### API Access Control (Default Deny)

- All `/api/*` routes are protected by default in `middleware.js`.
- Only a small allowlist of `PUBLIC_ROUTES` is unauthenticated (e.g., `/api/health`, `/api/setup/status`, `/api/auth/*`, `/api/cron/*`, `/api/docs/raw`, `/api/prompts/*`).
- Tenant context headers (`x-org-id`, `x-org-role`, `x-user-id`) are stripped from all inbound API requests to prevent spoofing; middleware injects trusted values only after authentication.
- Readonly API keys are enforced centrally: API-key requests with role `readonly` are blocked from non-GET/HEAD methods.
- Decrypted integration secrets are only returned to admin API-key callers; non-admin API keys receive encrypted payloads only.

Fail-closed behavior:

- In production (`NODE_ENV` not `development`), if `DASHCLAW_API_KEY` is not set, the API layer returns `503` and does not serve `/api/*`.

### Cron Endpoints (External Scheduler)

DashClaw exposes endpoints under `/api/cron/*` intended to be run on a schedule. These routes are allowlisted from browser/API-key auth, but they still require a shared secret:

- Required header: `Authorization: Bearer $CRON_SECRET`

This is compatible with any scheduler that can make HTTP requests (GitHub Actions, system cron, Windows Task Scheduler, Cloudflare, etc.).

Example (bash):

```bash
curl -fsS -H "Authorization: Bearer $CRON_SECRET" "https://YOUR_HOST/api/cron/signals"
```

### CORS

- In production, CORS is restricted to configured/known origins.
- In development, CORS may be permissive to support local workflows.

### Rate Limiting and Client IP Trust

- All `/api/*` routes (including `PUBLIC_ROUTES`) are rate limited in middleware.
- By default this is best-effort per-instance. For multi-instance deployments, distributed rate limiting is supported via Upstash REST:
  - `UPSTASH_REDIS_REST_URL`
  - `UPSTASH_REDIS_REST_TOKEN`
- Local/self-host tuning (middleware env vars):
  - `DASHCLAW_RATE_LIMIT_WINDOW_MS` (default: 60000)
  - `DASHCLAW_RATE_LIMIT_MAX` (default: 1000 in development, 100 otherwise)
  - `DASHCLAW_DISABLE_RATE_LIMIT=true` (dev only; do not use on public deployments)
- Self-hosting behind a proxy: set `TRUST_PROXY=true` if (and only if) you control your proxy and it sets `X-Forwarded-For` correctly. Otherwise, do not trust forwarded IPs for rate limiting/audit attribution.

### DLP Redaction (On Write + Before External Calls)

DashClaw scans and redacts common secret patterns (examples: OpenAI keys, AWS access keys, common API token shapes) in two places:

- Before storing user/agent free-text in high-risk ingestion endpoints (docs/snippets/content/sync/actions/loops/assumptions/approvals).
- Before sending content to external LLM APIs (embeddings + semantic guardrails), to reduce third-party exfil risk.

Limitations:

- DLP is pattern-based and can miss secrets (false negatives) or redact benign strings (false positives).
- Treat it as defense-in-depth; you should still keep secrets out of free text whenever possible.

### Webhook Security (SSRF + Optional Signing)

Outbound webhook delivery is hardened to reduce SSRF risk:

- HTTPS-only
- DNS resolution + private-IP blocking
- Redirects disabled
- Optional domain allowlist via `WEBHOOK_ALLOWED_DOMAINS`

Optional authenticity:

- If `GUARD_WEBHOOK_SECRET` is set, guard webhooks include:
  - `X-DashClaw-Timestamp`
  - `X-DashClaw-Signature: v1=<hmac>`

### Log Hygiene

- Webhook delivery logs redact payload and response bodies before persistence.
- Guard decision logs redact sensitive patterns before persistence.

### Analytics (Optional)

DashClaw supports Vercel Web Analytics (`@vercel/analytics`), but it is intentionally not enabled by default for self-hosts:

- Enabled automatically on Vercel deployments (`VERCEL=1`)
- Opt-in for non-Vercel hosts via `NEXT_PUBLIC_ENABLE_VERCEL_ANALYTICS=true`

## Deployment Checklist

- [ ] Confirm `.env`, `.env.local`, and any secrets are not git-tracked (`git ls-files .env*` should be empty).
- [ ] Set required production env vars:
  - [ ] `DATABASE_URL`
  - [ ] `NEXTAUTH_URL`
  - [ ] `NEXTAUTH_SECRET`
  - [ ] `DASHCLAW_API_KEY` (required to enable `/api/*` in production)
  - [ ] `ENCRYPTION_KEY` (32 characters)
- [ ] Set optional security env vars as needed:
  - [ ] `TRUST_PROXY=true` (only if you control a reverse proxy)
  - [ ] `UPSTASH_REDIS_REST_URL` + `UPSTASH_REDIS_REST_TOKEN` (distributed rate limiting)
  - [ ] `WEBHOOK_ALLOWED_DOMAINS` (restrict outbound webhook targets)
  - [ ] `GUARD_WEBHOOK_SECRET` (sign guard webhooks)
  - [ ] `NEXT_PUBLIC_ENABLE_VERCEL_ANALYTICS=true` (non-Vercel opt-in)
- [ ] Run the security scan: `node scripts/security-scan.js`

## Reporting Security Issues

Please do not open a public issue for security vulnerabilities. Email `practicalsystems@gmail.com` or open a private GitHub security advisory.

## Recent Hardening (2026-02)

- Added org-scoped guard to team member removal update (`/api/team/[userId]`) to prevent cross-tenant race-condition evictions.
- Added production guard on settings writes: when `NODE_ENV=production` and `ENCRYPTION_KEY` is missing, `/api/settings` POST now returns `503` with a clear misconfiguration error.
- Added org scoping in prompt version creation paths (`prompt_versions` max-version lookup and parent `prompt_templates` touch update).
- Added missing `org_id` guards to several `UPDATE`/`DELETE` statements in compliance/export, eval run updates, message/context thread updates, webhook failure counters, scoring profile touch updates, and onboarding user move.
- Normalized repository SQL in actions/evaluations repositories to Neon tagged-template style where non-standard placeholder/query patterns were used.

Commit message:

Fix SSRF, settings encryption, and plan privilege escalation vulnerabilities

docs/SECURITY.md, after:

# Security Guide

This is the operator-facing security guide for DashClaw (self-host and cloud). It documents the security model, key controls, and how to run audits.

## Architecture and Trust Boundaries (High Level)

DashClaw has two primary inbound trust boundaries:

- Browser/operator: NextAuth session token (dashboard UI -> `/api/*`)
- Agent/SDK: API key in `x-api-key` (agent tooling/SDK -> `/api/*`)

Outbound trust boundaries:

- LLM provider calls (e.g., OpenAI) for embeddings/guard evaluation
- Webhook deliveries to operator-configured HTTPS endpoints

## Data Handling (What We Store)

DashClaw stores the data you send to it, including (depending on which features you use):

- Actions, events, messages, docs/snippets/content, webhooks, guard decisions, and related metadata
- Encrypted integration credentials (at rest), when configured via Settings/Integrations

DashClaw includes Data Loss Prevention (DLP) redaction to reduce the chance of secrets being stored or exfiltrated, but DLP is a best-effort control. Do not rely on it as your only defense.

## Core Controls

### Encryption at Rest (Integration Secrets)

- Integration credentials are encrypted in the database using AEAD (AES-256-GCM).
- Required: `ENCRYPTION_KEY` must be set and must be exactly 32 characters (32 ASCII characters recommended).
- Backward compatibility: legacy ciphertext formats are still decryptable so upgrades do not break existing installs.

### API Access Control (Default Deny)

- All `/api/*` routes are protected by default in `middleware.js`.
- Only a small allowlist of `PUBLIC_ROUTES` is unauthenticated (e.g., `/api/health`, `/api/setup/status`, `/api/auth/*`, `/api/cron/*`, `/api/docs/raw`, `/api/prompts/*`).
- Tenant context headers (`x-org-id`, `x-org-role`, `x-user-id`) are stripped from all inbound API requests to prevent spoofing; middleware injects trusted values only after authentication.
- Readonly API keys are enforced centrally: API-key requests with role `readonly` are blocked from non-GET/HEAD methods.
- Decrypted integration secrets are only returned to admin API-key callers; non-admin API keys receive encrypted payloads only.

Fail-closed behavior:

- In production (`NODE_ENV` not `development`), if `DASHCLAW_API_KEY` is not set, the API layer returns `503` and does not serve `/api/*`.

### Cron Endpoints (External Scheduler)

DashClaw exposes endpoints under `/api/cron/*` intended to be run on a schedule. These routes are allowlisted from browser/API-key auth, but they still require a shared secret:

- Required header: `Authorization: Bearer $CRON_SECRET`

This is compatible with any scheduler that can make HTTP requests (GitHub Actions, system cron, Windows Task Scheduler, Cloudflare, etc.).

Example (bash):

```bash
curl -fsS -H "Authorization: Bearer $CRON_SECRET" "https://YOUR_HOST/api/cron/signals"
```

### CORS

- In production, CORS is restricted to configured/known origins.
- In development, CORS may be permissive to support local workflows.

### Rate Limiting and Client IP Trust

- All `/api/*` routes (including `PUBLIC_ROUTES`) are rate limited in middleware.
- By default this is best-effort per-instance. For multi-instance deployments, distributed rate limiting is supported via Upstash REST:
  - `UPSTASH_REDIS_REST_URL`
  - `UPSTASH_REDIS_REST_TOKEN`
- Local/self-host tuning (middleware env vars):
  - `DASHCLAW_RATE_LIMIT_WINDOW_MS` (default: 60000)
  - `DASHCLAW_RATE_LIMIT_MAX` (default: 1000 in development, 100 otherwise)
  - `DASHCLAW_DISABLE_RATE_LIMIT=true` (dev only; do not use on public deployments)
- Self-hosting behind a proxy: set `TRUST_PROXY=true` if (and only if) you control your proxy and it sets `X-Forwarded-For` correctly. Otherwise, do not trust forwarded IPs for rate limiting/audit attribution.

### DLP Redaction (On Write + Before External Calls)

DashClaw scans and redacts common secret patterns (examples: OpenAI keys, AWS access keys, common API token shapes) in two places:

- Before storing user/agent free-text in high-risk ingestion endpoints (docs/snippets/content/sync/actions/loops/assumptions/approvals).
- Before sending content to external LLM APIs (embeddings + semantic guardrails), to reduce third-party exfil risk.

Limitations:

- DLP is pattern-based and can miss secrets (false negatives) or redact benign strings (false positives).
- Treat it as defense-in-depth; you should still keep secrets out of free text whenever possible.

### Webhook Security (SSRF + Optional Signing)

Outbound webhook delivery is hardened to reduce SSRF risk:

- HTTPS-only
- DNS resolution + private-IP blocking
- Redirects disabled
- Optional domain allowlist via `WEBHOOK_ALLOWED_DOMAINS`

Optional authenticity:

- If `GUARD_WEBHOOK_SECRET` is set, guard webhooks include:
  - `X-DashClaw-Timestamp`
  - `X-DashClaw-Signature: v1=<hmac>`

### Log Hygiene

- Webhook delivery logs redact payload and response bodies before persistence.
- Guard decision logs redact sensitive patterns before persistence.

### Analytics (Optional)

DashClaw supports Vercel Web Analytics (`@vercel/analytics`), but it is intentionally not enabled by default for self-hosts:

- Enabled automatically on Vercel deployments (`VERCEL=1`)
- Opt-in for non-Vercel hosts via `NEXT_PUBLIC_ENABLE_VERCEL_ANALYTICS=true`

## Deployment Checklist

- [ ] Confirm `.env`, `.env.local`, and any secrets are not git-tracked (`git ls-files .env*` should be empty).
- [ ] Set required production env vars:
  - [ ] `DATABASE_URL`
  - [ ] `NEXTAUTH_URL`
  - [ ] `NEXTAUTH_SECRET`
  - [ ] `DASHCLAW_API_KEY` (required to enable `/api/*` in production)
  - [ ] `ENCRYPTION_KEY` (32 characters)
- [ ] Set optional security env vars as needed:
  - [ ] `TRUST_PROXY=true` (only if you control a reverse proxy)
  - [ ] `UPSTASH_REDIS_REST_URL` + `UPSTASH_REDIS_REST_TOKEN` (distributed rate limiting)
  - [ ] `WEBHOOK_ALLOWED_DOMAINS` (restrict outbound webhook targets)
  - [ ] `GUARD_WEBHOOK_SECRET` (sign guard webhooks)
  - [ ] `NEXT_PUBLIC_ENABLE_VERCEL_ANALYTICS=true` (non-Vercel opt-in)
- [ ] Run the security scan: `node scripts/security-scan.js`

## Reporting Security Issues

Please do not open a public issue for security vulnerabilities. Email `practicalsystems@gmail.com` or open a private GitHub security advisory.

## Recent Hardening (2026-02)

- Fixed SSRF via DNS Rebinding TOCTOU in `app/lib/webhooks.js` by resolving IP once and forcing fetch to use the resolved IP.
- Fixed false encryption condition in `app/api/settings/route.js` handling falsy values and string booleans properly.
- Removed `plan_name` from bulk sync payload parsing and database upserts to prevent privilege escalation via spoofed plans.
- Added org-scoped guard to team member removal update (`/api/team/[userId]`) to prevent cross-tenant race-condition evictions.
- Added production guard on settings writes: when `NODE_ENV=production` and `ENCRYPTION_KEY` is missing, `/api/settings` POST now returns `503` with a clear misconfiguration error.
- Added org scoping in prompt version creation paths (`prompt_versions` max-version lookup and parent `prompt_templates` touch update).
- Added missing `org_id` guards to several `UPDATE`/`DELETE` statements in compliance/export, eval run updates, message/context thread updates, webhook failure counters, scoring profile touch updates, and onboarding user move.
- Normalized repository SQL in actions/evaluations repositories to Neon tagged-template style where non-standard placeholder/query patterns were used.
